*** NORTHWEST
River's Rosie
Ring around the Rosie, pocket full of posie(s).  Or, if your
pockets are full, fill a vase with this charming pink miniature.  
This sweet thing from Eugene Kenyon has arrived to fill a way-too-long void.
Let ‘Rivers’s Rosie’ soak in awards as shows commence.  We’ve waited such a
long time Rosie!


Hollyhill Letitia
We love purple.  Well, maybe she's a dark lavender.   We love waterlilies.  No
wonder we love Letitia!  She's a tall girl, 5'5" , and will have plenty of
blooms on all of that greenery.  Not only will you have double T’s and double
I’s, you’ll also get a set of H’s and two sets of double L’s, a combination you
may never again achieve with this Hart winning purple waterlily from the
inspired hybridizing skill of Ted and Margaret Kennedy.


AC Great White
You don't have to call me Ishmael, but much like Captain Ahab and that other
great white he was after, I searched and searched for more information on this
stunning semi-cactus.  This we do know:  she's enormous!  But she won't sink
your garden.  This is a stunning, elegant, and REALLY big semi-cactus dahlia
with pearly white petals softly rolling back to reveal symmetry and contour
that will be hard to beat.


SB's Buttercream
Mmmmmmmm BUTTERCREAM!  Here's a delicious orchette that looks as sweet as her
name.  She takes the cake!  Eight petals beckon you forward, exhibiting
self-color, front to back.  The also self-colored petaloids are there, you can
be sure, surrounding that yellow disc that welcomes pollinators to your garden.
The party has started—it’s a social gathering and ‘SB’s Buttercream’ is the
host.


Narrows Dawn Banks
Yes, the 2210 competition is crowded.  Do we need another B SC LB LV/WH?
Consider that this is a Walton introduction, so the answer is an easy “YES!”
Caring for the Trial Gardens at Tacoma’s Point Defiance Park gives the Waltons
inside knowledge of what has staying power and ‘Narrows Dawn Banks’ Is IT!


Sam-A V
The sole Mid-Westerner from this dahlia Northwest Region is ‘Sam-AV’, a B
sized, laciniated red one.  Its fringed petals will charm your heart and
inspire you to share and display this beauty so it is always in sight.  Surely,
hospitality and ‘Sam-AV’ go hand (dahlia)-in-hand.  Thanks Don Kasinic for this
dahlia that leaves a lasting impression.

 

Connie Marion
If Connie Young-Davis’s name is attached to a new introduction (and it is!),
you must pay attention.  Victoria Canada dahlia royalty, her dahlias reign
supreme and this one absolutely measures up!  ‘Connie Marion’ is the number one
seed from this region, sporting white petals that fall back like miniature
roofing shingles, emphasizing its lovely formal decorative form.  It did not
achieve an average score of 91.5 by being ho-hum.


Sandia Nocturne
Listen carefully and you will hear music.  Possible friends because of
proximity in the Trial Gardens, ‘Sandia Nocturne’ sings to its fellow purple
waterlily ‘Hollyhill Letitia’.  Listen in your garden and on the show bench for
your own ‘Sandia Nocturne’s’ musicality.  Steve and Sandy Boley know how to
select the great ones.

 
*** NORTHEAST

River's Little Vicki
This true to form Dahlia makes a statement in the garden bursting its crimson
color, the color of love and affection , sure to draw one’s emotions” . 


Allen's Wild Rivers
Like cotton candy to a child this Dahlia is a sweet treat. Blending the colors
of pink ,  it’s wavy twisted petals spin a sight to behold.


Hollyhill Ambiance
This cactus dahlias bright fuchsia color is uplifting and exudes self
confidence  in the garden. 


Grandpa's Gift
A kaleidoscope of a Dahlia with an assembly of variegated red and yellow colors
producing fascinating patterns “.  


Windyhill Cherry Bloom 
This charming  collarette dahlia  is a love at first sight. It’s  uniform pink
lavender color is calming and brings peace and grace to one’s garden.

River's Tangy Tart
This Formal decorative Dahlia has a bright orange color and compact form. Like
a firefly in the garden it glows with energy. 

Kelsey Neahkahnie
This  collarettes  dahlia shape and contrasting pink and peach colors reminds
one of a pinwheel.  It will dance with joy in one’s garden.

Clearview Leroux
This semi cactus dahlia with its elongated sharp petals reminds one of a sea
urchin. It’s large  size and bright color has a commanding presence in one’s
garden.


***SOUTHWEST

Sandia Cancan
While sister ‘Nocturne’ sings, ‘Sandia Cancan’ dances.  Coming from the musical
family of hybridizers Steve and Sandy Boley, this variegated waterlily of
lavender and purple may teach you a step or two.


Irish Gnome
Filling a much needed class of micro formal decoratives, the Boleys’, ‘Irish
Gnome’ begs you to polish the gnomes in your garage and garden shed so they can
accompany ‘Irish Gnome’ on adventures.  Its precocious yellowness will be a
bright highlight along the way.


Agape Joy
Spreading its soft petals gently backward ‘Agape Joy’ displays clear vibrant
dark pink in all its glory.  A new BB sized semi-cactus from Steve Lamband and
Debbie Pavich, this cultivar is sure to capture your heart.
 

Allen's Diablo
‘Allen’s Diablo’ is determined to steal your soul and it will!  Allen Manuel
has done it again with this magnificent medium sized red semi-cacuts.  Such a
scene stealer, it won the Hart medal, leaving the competition quivering in
their roots.
 

Kelsey Bramble
Evie Gulliksen, for whom the Gulliksen award was named, would be wowed by the
depth of fabulous open-centered dahlias now available. ‘Kelsey Bramble’, a new
one from Colin Walker is one for the ages.  This purple micro collarette sports
darling dark blend petaloids of purple and white providing just enough contrast
for eye-popping appeal.


Skipley Reboot
Bury yourself in the deep dark redness of this gorgeous stellar dahlia from
Dick Williams.  Gifting bouquets of this cultivar to Red Riding Hood, your
local fire station and even to that tricky intersection where drivers just
don’t obey red lights are all appropriate.  ‘Skipley Reboot’ demands attention.


Connie Dahuahua
Victoria Canada dahlia royalty Connie Young-Davis won the sought after Hart
medal for this exquisite yellow BB sized cactus.  Lovely form and nearly
perfect other qualities are guaranteed with ‘Connie Dahuahua’, the Young-Davis
pedigree, sure to knock your socks off as well as those worn by other dahlias
on the table.
 

Raeann's Red Rocket
Strap in for the red ride of your life.  This RED collarette dahlia beacon
flashes red and white bi-colored petaloids, with no question of their
existence.  Thank Gen Z, Raeann, for her work in Dad, Wayne Lobaugh’s
hybridizing garden giving us the opportunity to ride with ‘Raeann’s Rocket’.

 


***SOUTHEAST
Bloomquist Wild 
A vibrant dahlia resembling an elegant hand blown glass chandelier, this Paul
Bloomquist hybrid is as mesmerizing as a west coast sunset complete with
radiant yellow and orange hues. 

Bloomquist Malloree
Towering to heights greater than 60 inches, this sea anemone-like beauty, with
its cream epicenter spiraling into an ombré of fuschia, flourishes up where it
stays all day in the sun. One glimpse of Bloomquist Malloree will have you
wishing it could be part of your world.

Clearview Neta
Garden prom anyone? Clearview Neta is a disco ball-like dahlia so pretty in
pink, you betta snag an invite before they're all taken. 

Clearview Pataha
The diamond of the 2023 season and Derrill W. Hart medal awardee, Clearview
Pataha is a stellar bronze cultivar with refined elegance. 


Allen's Alley Cat 
A haiku: Derrill Hart Winner! / Dahlia purrfection in orange / Allen's Alley Cat

 
Clearview Nieve
Stellar dahlias are so appropriately named, don't you think so?  I do!
This purple/pink beauty will be the star of any garden!


Windhaven Firecracker
Stand back!  This explosive red cactus pops with color and form.  Is it safe &
sane?  I'm not sure, but you'd be crazy not to add this to your garden.  Fourth
of July in your back yard for the whole blooming season!


Maks Arlow
This pink charmer boasts strong stems to support these big beautiful blooms
through rain, sleet, snow, or dark of night.  Well, maybe not snow or sleet,
but Arlow will stand tall in your garden. You'll be in the pink every day!


