RaeAnn’s Tiger’s Eye
    Vertical stripes!  Wowza.  Are those kitty eyes dilating as you watch?
    This blend of red and orange may give you better night vision.

 

Clearview Ginger
    It’s a Dudley winner!  It’s one of Dick Parshall’s originations! Such
    saturated, vibrant deep pink color bursting from a small package.

 

Allen’s Klondike
    Allen struck a vein of gold (A LARGE one) with this new introduction.  Are
    your sled dogs ready to take you for a ride?  Watch for Jack London hanging
    around your garden at night.

 

Connie Trishonnie
    Can you say “light blend?”  This is the person(dahlia)ification of it.
    Combine some words—have some fun.  You’re going to love this soft pink and
    yellow, high petal count Connie Young-Davis introduction.

 

River's Snowcone
    Icy, spiky, stellar, white!  Eugene Kenyon’s darling dahlia will find its
    way into your floral creations whether as part of a bridal bouquet or a
    basket on the show bench with its characteristic lavender blush, front and
    center.

 

Wild Side Sven
    Sven may be your favorite reindeer character in Frozen—but imagine him with
    a collar of these magnificent dark red micro peony dahlias.

 

River's Can't Elope
    It won’t be watermelon you’ll think of when this stellar beauty opens its
    first blooms.  Yes, it will be a different curcurbit—a cantaloupe.  Please
    don’t squeeze them.

 

Lo-Orange
    How low must you go?  Already grow a dozen Lo- dahlias?  You DO need this
    soft orange one.  If it comes from Wayne Lobaugh, the pedigree is
    there—that’s why you still have a dozen of his cultivars.  Add this.


Saddlerock Tiny Giant
    In gardens fair, a dahlia blooms so bright, "Saddlerock Tiny Giant" is its
    name, Small, purple petals with tips of pure white, In beauty, it stands
    tall, a tiny flame.


Jackie's Limoncello
    Sun-kissed petals glow, Jackie's Limoncello gleams, Yellow joy unfolds.

Gemini
    Two tones, one delight, Dahlia Gemini shines bright, 'Horti'scope in sight.
    Duality blooms, Pink and white in harmony, Gemini's allure.

Irish Moon
    In the garden's night, a dahlia gleams, "Irish Moon" it's called, a golden
    dream, Faint yellow petals, upward rolled with grace, Forming a ball, a
    radiant embrace.

SB's Star
    In the garden's realm, SB's Star does shine, An orchid dahlia, a beauty
    divine, Dark maroon petals, pointed and long, Curving inward, a graceful
    song.

Sungate’s Malva
    A masterpiece of nature, in full bloom, In the garden's full embrace, a
    vibrant plume, Sungate's Malva, in perfect flow, Fuchsia, coral, peach and
    yellow aglow.
 

Allen’s Showcase
    Let’s start with dazzling because this dahlia dazzles and beckons. It’s
    also somehow bold and lush and romantic at the same time. Let’s add
    glamorous while we’re at it.  But then we move onto the sumptuous shades
    —of magenta and orchid and whispers of  cream.  Each petal a delicate
    masterpiece with plummy-magenta-colored tips. Lastly, this is full-figured,
    many petaled, and generous flower.  

Felida Spirit
    Or cat spirit if you will. But not the domesticated variety.  You could
    imagine  discovering these beauties  amid a long-ago jungle trek in the
    wilds of Mexico. The kind of trek where you’re looking over your shoulder
    at sudden sounds. When your heartrate slows you’ll spot this dramatic
    blossom with its deep burgundy and cranberry shades. And all will be well
    with the world. Large feline worries brushed aside, you’ll be captivated by
    the exotic spiky petals and  sass.  Lots of it.

Irish Erin
    Erin {or Eirinn} means Ireland in Gaelic and this charmer as fresh as an
    Irish morning. And as sweet as a sleeping baby’s eyelids.  The perfectly
    shaped sphere and delicate shades of palest pink-lavender are especially
    enhanced by the dark green foliage. And the tightly arranged petals create
    an especially captivating  center that holds the  eye.

Narrows Lily
    This dahlia is a love child of mysterious parentage; part wind-blown and
    wild; part fairy delicate and shy. The results are a winged creature of a
    flower that seems ready to take flight.  Then there’s the color; a shade of
    pink that’s indescribable but think rose pink meets soft flamingo.  Deep
    green foliage provides a delicious counterpoint  

Sandia Ruthie
    This lovely might make you think of a balmy summer night spent on a porch
    with a saxophone playing down the street. Shades of salmon meet watermelon
    to create a comely and resonant addition to your garden.  The curved, wide
    petals show off the colors nicely on this beauty. This dahlia feels
    timeless and graceful and bold all at once.

Bull’s Blood
    The name Bull’s Blood  comes from a centuries-old  Hungarian red wine.
    There’s also a legend attached about a bloody siege that happened in1552.
    The story goes that the Turks were defeated after the Hungarians spent days
    feasting and  drinking the local red. Defeated by a far smaller army, the
    Turks reasoned the fighters, with their red-stained beards mixed wine with
    bull’s blood to achieve supernatural strength…. Which leads us  centuries
    later to this  head-turning  showstopper. Because of deep hues like a
    vibrant wine and petals that surprise with their curved, tubular spikes,
    it’s unexpected and exotic. And like bull’s blood, mighty.



Skipley Road Sherry
    This Sherry is fortified not with wine but with beauty. A spectacular firm
    bloom destined to cause those meandering by to stop and gaze. They will be
    tempted to stay awhile, sip something special, and bask in the elegant
    beauty of this Dahlia.

20th Ave for Mom
    A pink tutu of a bloom that any mom would cherish for its grace and
    elegance. Regardless of what avenue mom explores, nothing will ever compare
    to this heartwarming gift.

Baron Chloe
    Like a shy, blossoming princess, this bloom blushes.  The pure white flower
    with whispers of lavender is a perfect regal addition to any garden.

Allen’s Sorbet
    Its spiky petals and delectable colors are a sweet combination. Linger and
    enjoy this luscious addition to your garden or display.

Tuscany
    This achingly lovely bloom is museum perfect. Tuscany is nicknamed the “art
    palace of Italy” and this flower is beautiful enough to be exhibited there.


Allen’s Candyland
    Like children clamoring for a treat, this cotton candy in a garden will
    demand attention. Playfulness and beauty coalesce in this spunky bloom.




Lo-Peach
    This mignon single dahlia is 'peachy keen'! The dark blend coloring draws
    your eye from the edges of the petals to an open center that
    pollinating bees will delight in feasting on.  Maybe they'll even taking a
    nap! Even though I don't personally know any bees, I'm sure they'll be as
    enchanted with this Evie Gullikson Medal Winner as the test garden judges
    were!


LLW Sunrise
    Like a sunrise, this small, semi-cactus dahlia will brighten up your day
    with its beautiful yellow/pink color blend. With looks like this, it's no
    wonder it picked up a Derrill W. Hart Medal!  Plant this charmer in your
    garden to encourage your other dahlias to 'up their game'.  Expect smiles
    and compliments as your friends admire this visual treat.


Allen's Cascadia
    Worried about a Cascadia Fault earthquake here in Portland? Relax!  You'll
    find no faults in Allen's Cascadia! This small, laciniated white dahlia
    will tickle your fancy with its delicate split tip ray florets. It's no
    surprise that Allen Manuel picked up another Derrill W. Hart Medal for this
    gem.  This white burst of brilliance from the blooms will brighten any garden!


Windhaven Cracker
    Bob and Judy Romano know how to grow cactus dahlias!  Windhaven Cracker is
    their newest.  This terrific red incurved cactus has 7-inch blooms on
    juuuussst about 7-inch stems.


Sungate’s Benny
    Introducing Benny, a radiant, compact cactus that brings joy with every
    bloom.  The vibrant yellow flowers are going to be the attention-getters in
    your garden.


Hollyhill Honeygold
    Here's a stunning floriferous waterlily from Ted and Margaret Kennedy.
    Growing 5 feet tall, this golden orange bloom will be the sweet spot in any
    garden.  It is a honey of a dahlia!
