Hollyhill Peachy Keen is a sight to behold. This tropical, sunbathing-on-the-beach-with-a-margarita flower elevates your garden to the next level. This whimsical dahlia can give you that much needed summer vibe while also upping your garden\'s ?pro-at-this? atmosphere.  Not to boast, but it\'s a Lynn B. Dudley and Derrill W. Hart Medal Winner.

20th Ave Old Major: This elegant ball dahlia grows to 6\' in height. It is a sentry protecting its relatives.  The luxurious gentle purple blooms dazzle. It is a perfect addition to your dahlia family.

Felida Splendor: Our own PDS member hybridizer Eric Toedtli chose this to represent his fine collection of introductions at the 2023 National Show.

KAs Papa John: Is anyone else thinking pizza? No?  Good! Because this wonderful white bloom deserves all of your attention.

Maks Marcus is the sunburst of the dahlia world. This spiky salmon showpiece is runway ready and perfect to show off your fabulous gardening skills. The pure beauty and refinement of this flower is truly remarkable and will not to go unnoticed.

20th Ave. Pure Prince: Loads of lavender petals fill out this Dudley Medal award winner.

Skipley Swan Song: A swan song is a finale done with style.  Let\'s hope we do see more of this sweet, small formal decorative

Clearview Cinnabar: Like a firework glowing red in the night sky, this Hart award winner will brighten up any garden.

Kelsey Tinker: Teeny, tiny, and terrific!  This two-inch bright yellow collarette is a real eye-catcher!

20th Ave Tradition: Rich Gibson is at it again with this pure white winning introduction.

Disciplined yet flamboyant, Hollywood material and the perfect centerpiece, the 20th Ave Rayna is a must have. Whether it?s the flower?s blinding magenta shine or its perfectly rounded petals, this flower is a revolution in dahlia gardening. Rayna reigns.

Allen?s Cabin Fever is, to put it simply, indispensable. This dahlia will give you anything but a neurotic feeling while observing its sui generis ombre tone and flourishing distinct configuration. Allen?s Cabin Fever is one you could identify a mile away, a real defining blossom for your flower bed.

The Alysia Albino is truly one-of-a-kind. Albino, with the exception of the most soothing lavender petal tips, this flower stands out in the best way possible. Fresh as the snow on a sunny January day, yet warm as a cup of hot cocoa you?d cradle in your hands on said day, this flower has no limits to what it can convey. Worthy of a trophy, you can always rely on this blossom for accolades.

Barberry Alana: This bloom will bring happiness, warmth, and the essence of sunshine to your garden even on gloomy days. The shape is perfection, the form gorgeous. You will love having this fantastic variety in your garden.  

Bloomquist Plum: If purple is what you seek, this one is for you!

Carmen Beatriz: Representing purity and innocence this white bloom stands out even in a field of dahlias splashed with color. A perfect addition to any floral arrangement. Carmen Beatriz guarantees your gorgeous design will include balance and contrast.

CHI Walker: Don?t walk by this scrumptious flower!  Another yummy-looking red.

Clearview Emma: Hybridizer Parshall adds another beauty to his stable of winning dahlias.

Connie Grace: The delicate yellow and soft rose hues of this flower whisper of sunsets signaling the end of a day spent in the garden. The harmonious colors complement each other with subtlety and grace.

Echo Lucky is a beautiful dahlia, a beautiful dahlia, a beautiful dahlia. The velvety blooms are a vision of loveliness. Floral arrangements zing with the addition of this gorgeous color.

Eire Daniel: Look at that red.  I?d drink a glass of that.

Eire Patricia is the perfect flower to symbolize peace and harmony in your garden. Emanating from its petals is a sense of soothing calm and exquisiteness. Prone to compliments from all who are blessed enough to witness its ravishing form. This unparalleled dahlia is essential to your garden plot.

Jody Meggos: Terrific hybridizer Meggos has another sure beauty with this one.

The Mae Evangelista is a showstopper. Its frilly, cherry lip balm red petals tipped with the world?s purest shade of canary yellow can?t help but make both you and your dog?s hearts burst with joy. The admirable yet charming contour of the petals make you just want to reach out and hug someone - this is a fundamental bloom.

The Maks Volcano dahlia bursts with vibrant red-orange petals and its rolling cylindrical petals infuse warmness into the hearts of many. Being of a handheld size they?d fit beautifully into your bouquet, adding that necessary pop of color. The Maks Volcano, a flower that reminds you of better times, and will guide you to your gardening fantasy.

Narrow\'s Stew P: This new A sized dark red form the Northwest US will show very well in its class.

Nighty Night: If this dahlia was the product of a dream it must have been a spectacular night. Formal as a prom dress the black red blooms are refined and elegant. All dreams would be recalled if they brought messages of such unequaled beauty.

Oldec Cleopatra: A lovely light blend that looks right at you for attention.

Queen Lili: As the head of the monarchy this dahlia rules the garden. Flashy in royal red she is unabashedly haughty. The blooms insist on being greeted with admiration and respect but will forego the traditional curtesy and bow.

Rivers Neon Jack: Will it glow under black light?  Can?t wait to find out!

River\'s Yellow Snow: In Frank Zappa\'s song, Don\'t Eat the Yellow Snow, he warned people to \"Watch out where the huskies go and don\'t eat the yellow snow.\" Had he lived to see River\'s Yellow Snow Zappa would undoubtably have warned against eating it as well. He would however have advised you to buy this dazzling dahlia. It is to flowers what Zappa was to the Mothers of Invention, a singular star.

SB\'s Ora: Ora, not aura.  But a yellow aura means a joy to be around and this flower is round and joyful. Ora has a good aura.

